update doc for GCRCatalogs 1.3.3; add "mirror" section to how_to_ackn… (#78)
LSSTDESC/desc-data-portal: web/portal/templates/doc/dc2_sim_sky_survey.md

* [DESC DC2 Data Release Note](https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.04855):
  a brief note about the released dataset, including data file format, data partition scheme, and schema tables.

> Two kinds of datasets are provided: catalogs and images. Follow the instructions below for the type you wish to download.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Two kinds of datasets are provided: [catalogs](#catalogs) and [images](#images). Follow the instructions below for the type you wish to download.
```

print(GCRCatalogs.load_catalog('desc_dc2_run2.2i_dr6_truth').available_tracts)
```

#### Step 4: Follow the notebooks to access data

You can find examples of using `GCRCatalogs` in our [tutorial notebooks](https://github.com/LSSTDESC/desc-data-portal/tree/main/notebooks).

If you're planning to run the example notebooks and don't already have JupyterLab on your laptop, see [these instructions](https://jupyterlab.readthedocs.io/en/stable/getting_started/installation.html).

## Images

Unlike the catalog datasets, it is not possible to choose a subset of the image collection datasets.

> Two image collections are provided. For a detailed description of the kinds of image files included, please see Appendix C of the [DESC DC2 Data Release Note](https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.04855).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a detailed description of the coadded image and associated files included, please see Appendix C of the [DESC DC2 Data Release Note](https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.04855).
```

> `DC2 coadd dr6 v2` includes all of these images belonging to tracts 3828 and 3829. `DC2 coadd dr6 v2 small` includes images for a single patch for each of these tracts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Two image collections (of different sky coverages) are provided. `DC2 coadd dr6 v2` includes all coadded images belonging to tracts 3828 and 3829. `DC2 coadd dr6 v2 small` includes coadded images for a single patch for each of these tracts.
```
